Replace the prime minister with a cabinet record
Your Majesty, this move is indeed high
Just why let Li Si's party enter the cabinet
The book emissary is about to go
The court can't make any waves
Stability trumps everything
Even if we want to stabilize the situation
Then His Majesty should also be one or two gullible
Enter the cabinet
To counterbalance adultery
Oops queen
You still don't understand human nature?
Your Majesty, what do you mean?
Now all that member is a comfort person
Who is willing to submit to others?
He, Li Si, wants to do one thing, he can do it again and again
But not again and again.
He wants to make a speech
In less than two months, his henchmen will be alienated
Ah, I see, Your Majesty.
This is Yang.
Whether Li Si takes it or not
He will lose 11
This is His Majesty's plan to see its revival
Strictly speaking, see its revival
Restore its hands and feet
Is he Lis?
Now I'm thinking about doing whatever I want
That's impossible.
Then how is His Majesty going to deal with Li Si next?
Hey
Although Reese is ambitious
whole heart enteritis
But he is indeed a
A rare and capable general
It's a pity that he was born in the wrong era
Met true
So His Majesty is ready to let Li Si go
I am not an intolerant person
He, Liswo, is willing to be loyal to the court
I guarantee his prosperity and wealth for the rest of his life
Wouldn't that be cheap smirk
concubine
I ask you what is loyalty
Why worry about rape?